/* SPL and MLO jobs */
MLO or SPL initializes the SOC to a point that, Uboot can be loaded into the external RAM - DDRAM
1. It does UART console initialization to print out the debug msg
2. Recongifures the PLL to desired value.
3. Initializes the DDR registers to use the DDR memory.
4. Does muxing pins because the next job is to load the u-boot to the boot peripherals.
5. If MLO is going to get the u-boot from the MMC0 or MMC1 interfaces, then it will do the mux configurations
to bring out the MMC0 or MMC1 functionalities on the pins.
6. Copies the u-boot image into the DDR memory and passes control to it.
    U-boot also has its own image header which indicates the load address and the size of the image to follow
    So MLO loads the U-boot to the address as indicated by the U-boot imgae header

?? Question: Can we use RBL to load Uboot directly in to DDR of the Board and skip using MLO or SPL?
             or Why AM335x ROM Code cannot load the Uboot directly to DDR RAM?
=>  ROM code won’t be having any idea about what kind of DDR RAM being used in the product to initialize it.
    DDR RAM is purely product/ board specific.
    Let’s say there are 3 board/product manufacturing companies X,Y,Z
    X may design a product using AM335x SOC with DDR3. In which lets say DDR3 RAM is produced by microchip.
    Y may design its product using AM335x SOC with DDR2 produced by Transcend and Z may not use DDR memory at all for its product.
    So, RBL has no idea in which product this chip will be used and what kind of DDR will be used, and what are DDR tuning parameters
     like speed, bandwidth, clock augments, size, etc. 
    Because to read ( or write) anything from/to DDR RAM , first, the tuning parameters must be set properly and DDR registers
     must be initialized properly.
    Every different manufacture will have different parameters for their RAM. So, that’s the reason RBL never care about
     initializing DDR controller of the chip and DDR RAM which is connected to chip.
    RBL just tries to fetch the SPL found in memory devices such as eMMC and SD card or peripherals like UART,EMAC,etc.
    And in the SPL/MLO, you should know, what kind of DDR is connected to your product and based on that you have to 
    change the SPL code , rebuild it and generate the binary to use it as the second stage boot loader.






